the story of 
alchemist
 by kim taekseo
reading the story of alchemist , i am moved by this story.
it make my life distinguish, before and after
alchemist is published in 1988 but it steel popular
i think that reason is may it related to the fate, like Romeo and Juliet and also it is both classic

The hero of this book is Santiago who follow his fate
(in this book says legend)
also i can found some wise saying in here for example
“And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.”
“Maktub” 
maktub means it is written
more circumstantially it is going to be happen anyway
in addition that is also my favorite word
before read this book, i just get along to my pleasure
but now i m changed by it
im go live for my purpose and legend it might me looked small but it isn't
thanks to alchemist i more focuse on life and look around.
if someone is in agony to read or not than ill recommand strongly
because after than he will live an different live
 
following is part of alchemist from wikipedia
The boy is the protagonist of The Alchemist. Born in a small town in Andalusia,
he attends the seminary as a boy but wants to travel the world.
He finally gets the courage to ask his father
for permission to become a shepherd so that he can travel the fields of Andalusia.
One night, in an abandoned church, he dreams of a child telling him that
if he goes to the Egyptian Pyramids, he will find a treasure. Later,
he meets a mysterious man in the town of Tarifa, who sends him on a journey to the other side of Africa.

The boy's open mind makes him particularly suited to finding his Personal Legend.
He also values his freedom very highly, which is why he becomes a shepherd and
why he resists involvement in things that threaten his freedom. In the end,
he realizes that playing it safe is often more threatening to his freedom than taking a risk.

1.연금술사를 읽고 나는 감명받았다

2.그것은 나를 전과 후로 나누었다

3.연금술사는 운명같은 주제로 이야기를 하고있으며
1988년에 출판되었지만 아직도 많은사람에게 사랑받고있는 책이다

4.이 책의 주인공은 사티아고 이며 이 소년이 자신의
업을따라 여행을 가는 내용이다

5.나는 이 책에서 여러 명언들을 알수있었다

6.예를들어 마크툽 사람이 정말 뭔가를하고자 할 때,
모든 우주는 자신의 꿈을 실현하기 위해 그 사람을 돕기 위해 공모같은 것들말이다

7.이 책을 읽기 전에는 그저 하루하루를 재밌게 살아가는것이 목표였지만
하지만 읽고나서는 많은것을 깨달았다

8.또 책 중간중간에 나오는 표지라는것은 내가 삶에 좀더 집중하고 주위를 둘러보게했다

9.만약 누군가가 이 책을 볼지 고민하고 있다면 강력하게 권하고싶다

10.그렇다면 그도 의미있는 삻을 살게 되기 때문이다

11.다음은 위키피디아에 있는 줄거리의 일부이다